Release 0.10.0 (#258)
conda/conda-index: CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (current developments)

## 0.10.0 (2026-02-05)

### Enhancements

* Add a flag `--update-only` that adds new or changed packages to the index database, but
  keeps already-indexed packages in the database and output `repodata.json` even

>   if those are missing from the filesystem. (#239)

Author: ```suggestion
  keeps already-indexed packages in repodata even if they are missing from
  the filesystem. (#239)
```
